psnet - Pretty Simple Network

psnet is an overlay network which provides unreliable broadcast services to
clients.  Clients join the network (i.e. become a destination for broadcast
messages from other clients) by sending keep-alive messages to one or more
routers in the network.  They may then broadcast their own messages by sending
them to a router.

Addresses of the routers are made available by the 'directory' server.  This
can be run at a well-known address for use by clients to bootstrap into the
network.  Routers also use the directory to find other routers to forward their
broadcast messages to.

--- PROTOCOL ---

The basic structure of a broadcast message is:

{
    "method":"broadcast",
    "hops":0,
    "data":[anything]
}

The "method" field is used throughout the protocol at both the router and the
directory to specify the service which is being requested.

"hops" should be set to 0 at the client (or perhaps higher, if reduced network
penetration is desired).  It is used by the routers to prevent messages from
floating around the network indefinitely.  Note that routers currently check
only the first digit of this number.  This may change in the future.

"data" is not strictly necessary, but presumably you want to actually send a
message and not just metadata, in which case it would be a good idea to put the
message in this field.  You could also make up your own fields, but this may
break in future versions of the protocol.

Routers accept broadcast messages over both TCP and UDP.  It's probably a good
idea to send them over TCP to ensure they make it into the network, though
subsequent hops (between routers and from routers to clients) will use UDP.

Keep-alive messages are as follows:

{
    "method":"connect",
    "port":[port number]
}

"port" should be a valid port number.

The interval at which keep-alive messages should be sent is determined by
compile-time options.  These messages should be sent over UDP.

Routers also support a "discover" command which can be used to find other
routers in case the directory is unavailable.  This is of limited use to
clients, and currently routers do not make use of it amongst themselves (though
this is likely to change).

{
    "method":"discover",
    "num":[number]
}

"num" specifies the number of routers to be returned.

The directory supports... TODO
